PINUS Ori comm updates (#6)
indocom/lumina: docs/after/document-verification.md

---
id: document-verification
title: Document Verification
---

> After term has started, usually at the beginning of September, NUS will conduct a verification exercise of documents used for application to the university. So, here's a reminder to all incoming freshmen! Don't forget to pack all those documents! These may include your SMA report book, your UNAS results as well as miscellaneous test result slips and award certificates. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After term has started, usually at the beginning of September, NUS will conduct a verification exercise of documents used for application to the university. So, here's a reminder to all incoming freshmen! Don't forget to pack all those documents! These may include your high school report book, national examination results, award certificates (if related to your university application), and any other miscellaneous test result slips. 
```

---
id: document-verification
title: Document Verification
---

After term has started, usually at the beginning of September, NUS will conduct a verification exercise of documents used for application to the university. So, here's a reminder to all incoming freshmen! Don't forget to pack all those documents! These may include your SMA report book, your UNAS results as well as miscellaneous test result slips and award certificates. 

If they're not released yet, you can have them mailed to Singapore once they're released. 

Additional tips: 
- Bring any documents that you scanned and uploaded when you were applying to NUS.
- Please scan and save digital copies of important document such as your passport, kartu keluarga, etc. You may need this to apply for financial aid and other related programs.

> <!--stackedit_data:

Reviewer: can you please remove all the similar comments?
